Page 30-43
------------------


[HTTP Requests:

1. Server waitas for connection request.
2. Subtask is allocated upon receiving request.
3. Establishment of TCP connection on receiving request.
4. Subtask examines Host Header field to determine host. 
5. An HTTp response is geenrated containing the file in the body of the HTTP response message.
6. Server logs information about request.
7. If connection is maintained, the subtask continues to monitor connection. 


[Subtask: A single copy of the server software handling a single client connection. 


[Tomcat: Server parameters:

1. Which client machines.
2. Which virtual hosts are listening for TCP.
3. Method of logging. 
4. Security parameters. 
5. Whether or not resources will be cached in the server's memory. 

[Virtual Host:

The key fields used in the Host Component to define a virtual server. 
Accept Count, Connection timeout, IP Address, Port Number, Min Spare Threads, Max Threads, Max Spare Threads. 

[Logging: 

The primary web server log recording normal activity is an access log, a file that records information about every HTTP request 
processed by the server. A web server may also produce one or more message logs containing a variety of debugging and other information 
generated by the web applications as well as possibly by the web server or applications may also be logged. 

[Key fields for Valve Component of Type AccessLog Valve:

Directory, Pattern, Prefix, Resolve Hosts, Rotatable, Suffix. 

[Tomcat server writes one line of information per HTTP request processed to the access log, with the information to be output and its
format specified by the Pattern field. 

The Pattern for the JWSDP services access log is Valve is 

%h %1 %u %t "%r" %s %b

& the following information is logged:

1. Host name or IP address.
2. User name used to log in, if server password protection is enabled.
3. Date and time of response, plus the time zone of the time.
4. Start line of HTTP request.
5. HTTP status code of response 
6. Number of bytes sent in the body of response.  

[Access Control:

Tomcat can provide automatic password protection for resources that it serves. It is a two-stage process. Each username is assigned a 
password and a list of roles. the second stage of the process associates resources with required roles. 

[Secure Servers:

It is possible that some machine along a route will extract information from the IP messages it forwards for nefarious purposes. 
Generally any machine not authorized would be eavesdropping on the  network.  

